Add "Feature Interactions" section to SIP template (#69)
scala/improvement-proposals: sip-template.md

This section should also argue to what extent backward source compatibility is preserved. In particular, it should show that it doesn't alter the semantics of existing valid programs.

### Feature Interactions

A discussion of how the proposal interacts with other language features. Think about the following questions:

> - When envisioning the application of your proposal, what features come to mind as the most likely to be interacting with it?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When envisioning the application of your proposal, what features come to mind as most likely to interact with it?
```
